we already know that using heap data structure we
can track the largest elements
The idea is very simple
First built the Max heap and get the top K
elements by applying heapify process K times
For example let's take this array and K is equal
to three
First we need to build the Max heap
After the build heap process the Element 80 will be
present at the top of the heap After the first step
is over we need to extract the top three elements
from the heap
For that we can write the logic something like this
First take 80 out as it is the top element
present in the heap and apply heapify process again
Now the node 60 will be present at top as
is the second largest element
We can take 60 out and apply the heapify
process again
If we do the same process for K times we
will get the top K elements from the given array here
We already have extracted top two elements
We need to get one more element so just apply
the heapify process again
Now the node 50 will be present at the top so
just take it out and that's it
We have extracted top three elements from the given array so
you can apply this logic and solve the problem.